
# OODMazeProject

## Introduction
Maze Project for Object-Oriented Design class

A mirror of this project can be found [here](https://git.hunterchasens.com/hchasens/OODMazeProject)

## Licensing and Legal

All licensing extends to subdocuments, documents, and documentation unless stated otherwise. Our licensing does not extend to dependencies that may be referenced, cloned, or mirrored in this repository or their subdocuments, documents, and documentation. 

Linked documents, FTP/SFTP and other services, servers, and drives that fall under our licensing will have that licensing restated and only fall under our licensing for this project if linked here or otherwise restated in affiliation with New College of Florida and a Contributor.

>Our licensing is under discussion, for now please reference Github's default license.

 > ~~We are running on the GNU General Public License v3.0. Review section
 > 15, 16, and 17 of the GNU General Public License v3.0 before use.~~


## Table of Contents

 1. Introduction
 2. Licensing and Legal
 3. Table of Contents
 4. Assignment Details
 5. Thought Process
 6. Design
 7. Classes
 8. Files and Organisation
 9. Documentation and Logging
 10. Compiling
 11. Dependencies 
 12. Conclusion

## Assignment Details

## Thought Process
Two files are referenced in this section. They can be found in `/doc/ideasForOrganisationDocumentationAndPolicy.pdf` and `doc/initialMazeDesign`.

###  Ideas for Organisation, Documentation, and Policy
Ideas for Organisation, Documentation, and Policy is an overview of group policy concerning organisation, documentation. It's an initial document and many ideas are unused. The use of Git and Github are first proposed in this.

#### The Outline

 - **Productivity and Organisation Ideas**
	 - Soft skills/policy and Organisation of Responsibility
	 - Hard Organisation
- **Posable Resources for Inspiration**
	- List of Resources

###  Initial Maze Design
Initial Maze Design is much more complex and is kept up to date. The version found in the repository might not be the most up to date version.

> Initial Maze Design is still currently being changed. If you are a contributor please look at the team drive for the latest version.


**Work in Progress**



## Design

## Classes

## Files and Organisation

## Documentation and Logging
Documentation can be auto generated or writen. The API will be auto generated by javadoc.
### Generating Documentation
Generating Documentation can be done with the help of make or the .sh script
#### Generating Documentation with Make
    make doc
#### Generating Documentation with Bash
    bash generateDocumentation.sh
### Writing Documentation

## Compiling

## Dependencies

## Conclusion
